# Gemini_LLM_APP
 Creating a streamlit app where you can access all the functionalities of gemini model..like chat, images, embeddings etc
This project showcases the powerful capabilities of modern AI through a versatile and user-friendly interface. 
Developed with Streamlit and the Google Generative AI module, this app provides four core functionalities:

# 1 ChatBot: 
Engage in natural and intuitive conversations with our AI-powered chatbot.
# 2 Image Captioning: 
Upload images to receive accurate and descriptive captions generated by AI.
# 3 Text Embedding: 
Transform text into meaningful embeddings for various applications such as search, clustering, and recommendation systems.
# 4 Ask Me Anything: 
Leverage the AI's knowledge base to get answers to a wide range of questions.


# Installation
To get started with the AI-Powered UI Application, follow these steps:

Clone the repository:
git clone https://github.com/AryanGupta1211/Gemini-App.git
Install the required dependencies:
pip install -r requirements.txt
create a file with .env and place gemini api key in it to be called from gemini_utility_file
Run the Streamlit app:
streamlit run app.py
Usage
Once the application is running, you can access it through your web browser. The main interface provides access to all four functionalities:

# Technologies Used
Streamlit: For creating the interactive UI.
Google Generative AI Module: For implementing the AI functionalities.
Python: The core programming language used for development.
